N23: FishGame (#708)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/023/index.md

[NPhysics]: https://nphysics.org/
[CrystalOrb]: https://github.com/ErnWong/crystalorb

### [FishGame][fishgame-itch]

![FishGame](fish.gif)

[FishGame][fishgame-itch] is a multiplayer brawler game made in [macroquad].

> FishGame started as a [nakama-rs] showcase, but now its getting more life as
> an independent game. To make a transistion from a techno demo to a real game
> lots of playtesting and fine-tuning happened this month. Most noticable
> improvements: a new physics system with throwable everything and a new
> zoom-to-fit camera system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FishGame started as a [nakama-rs] showcase, but now it's getting more life as
an independent game. To make a transition from a tech demo to a real game,
lots of playtesting and fine-tuning happened this month. Most noticable
improvements: a new physics system with throwable everything and a new
zoom-to-fit camera system.
```
